Well, good evening family. Thank you
for joining us.
Again, I have an urgency to pray all
the time. I feel it's
been my
MO, I guess, my
modus operandi.
It's been very intense lately. And you
know, I'm so thankful that every one
of you would come on at this late hour
of the
night to pray with me. There
are
1,400 of you so
quickly. And I know I go on all
over the world and probably not a lot
of Americans are up at this time,
but this is the time I pray a lot. So,
I just always come on with y'all and
it feels like we get a lot
accomplished very quickly,
for many hands make light work. Let's
go over some of the things the Lord said in
the
last video
and what we saw. I won't go over the
prophetic word. Diana said
it was five to ten
pages—ten
pages, five front and
back—of
everything the Lord said. If you have
not watched that video, go to the
last part of the last video we did.
That word was very powerful from the
Father. It was one of those words that
will forever
change your life; it shook us.
This whole thing, like I said,
is...
these times are so precious
that we're living in right now,
and
we have a lot of work to do in
the spirit realm.
First off, I want to say this:
taking communion before you pray and
keeping strife out of your
house—keeping
the flow. You must walk in love
in these last days.
I keep saying that over and over again
because
of the things the Lord keeps
bringing up to me. Don't give place to
the devil at all in your house.
Keep strife out of your house.
I know it's easier
said than done some days,
but I'm trying to warn you by things
that I got tonight that you must stay in
a constant flow of the presence of God
and love. Make love a priority in your
home.
Above everything else, keep love
a
priority.
So, let's go over what I
saw yesterday. I saw Mickey Mouse.
Everybody said, 'What's the
mouse?'Mickey
Mouse.
I saw Orlando.
I saw
the Lord showed us Tron,
which is a ride
in
Magic Kingdom.
I saw security guards
and that was what I thought was
interesting; it was highlighted to me.
Did I see them doing anything?
No. The Lord said
to pray over Orlando. So, you can
automatically kind of put things
together without Him coming on directly
and exposing everything. Maybe He'll
show us more tonight, maybe not. But He
was showing security guards that
had infiltrated
the security system of Disney, these
evildoers.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for
Disney.'I
saw Asian
women,
tourists,
walking around with Mickey Mouse
ears.
They were walking around and I saw
a
little go-kart area,
and I saw Tron, and I saw an
area—I
don't know why that area was highlighted
to
me—but
the Lord showed me this area in
Magic Kingdom
and the Lord said, 'You need to pray
for
this.'I
could see it was faded
out; it was
blurred. This is what
this looked like. It was blurred out
before the vision and they were
coming, but I didn't know what they were
going to do. There was darkness that
was
involved around this, and that's what
the Lord said: 'Pray.'So, I saw that,
and then yesterday I came on
and I told you I've had an urgency and
I've been praying all day.
After it was over, when I came on
here,
the burden to pray was lifting.
But I thought, 'Well, I'll bring it to
the public
and we'll pray as a family together,
and we'll make a lot of this
really quickly.'We'll just
knock this thing out because I told
you,
Pais,
we were all in deep intercession
all afternoon.
I told Diana,
'I've never felt that intense
prayer in a long
time.'It
was so intense that you almost
felt nauseous.
You
knew it was something very dark.
Well, I got out of here
that evening and I said last night,
'Father, what was that?
Why
did it lift like that? Can you
explain to me what the intensity
was?'And
then He said, 'The
event
happened.'He
said, 'Brandon, there's no reason, no
need anymore to try to stop it if it
is
already
manifested.'He
said, 'What you were praying over all
day was the event that took place in
California at the birthday
party.'What
you were praying for and
interceding for—and why Paisley was so
involved—my
little girl was interceding
for the children. She was in travail,
and I would say, 'What is a little girl
like this travailing over this? What is
this?'But
she said, 'Daddy, I feel I
got to pray. I got to pray.'And
she's just
praying in tongues,
travailing in the spirit,
laying hands on her brother,
praying over Braden, and praying
over Mama. She goes, 'I'm just
praying.'Like
I
said, it was the most intense, and
she was praying as loud as she
possibly could as a little girl.
Finally, I said, 'Are you done,
hun?'because
I was going to go get us a drink.
And she goes, 'No, Daddy, it's not done
yet. We got to keep praying.'And she
kept praying and praying, and
we were all
backing her and praying with her.
But I thought, 'What is this on my
little girl?
Holy Spirit, You're pulling
her?'I
thought it was really interesting.
Whenever Paisley prays,
she's a great intercessor. We're
training her, like
all our kids, Braden and Paisley. If
and
when Megan becomes
a
manifestation of her—I can't wait to
see what God does with her
because
I know there's giftings there; she's
my
firstborn—but
when Paisley was interceding like that,
it felt like it lifted a little bit. Then
we came home and started praying
some more,
but as I brought it to you all,
it lifted,
but it was already done.
It was already done, and four
children lost their lives.
It was interesting.
Every time I see a tragic event happen,
I look at it as a prayer fail.
I told you Saturday, I saw
14 people.
The Lord kept telling me Saturday about
14—'You
must intercede for Saturday
for 14, there's an event.'Well, quite
frankly, with all the things that I get on
a day-to-day basis, we take note of it,
but I had forgotten about it.
I had forgotten about it because it
was three days
prior, and I've been praying over
the
President—very
intense prayer concerning the White
House and the trees and the lighting
ceremonies—praying
for our nation's
capital because of what the Lord told me
of
a new D-Day. And He's bringing up a new
D-Day, a new Red Dawn experience. And He
said, 'Brandon, they couldn't get you
like D-Day because of how far you are
away from them, so they invaded you
like a Trojan
horse.'For
there are many, many men and women
in your nation that have come
over illegally, that have infiltrated
your cities in every single
state. Every state.
He said it is an infestation
of the brotherhood of terrorist
activity. And then He warned me.
He said, 'Do not stereotype.
You are looking for a certain individual
and
the way they
look.'He
said,
'They're right in front of
your face; they're not
hidden.'I
don't want to misquote it; Braden had
to look up the archive. But
the Lord was specifically saying
just because they have dark skin and a
beard doesn't mean that's the
only way they're used.
These are
even white people, black people,
Mexican,
Asian—that's
all part of the brotherhood. Just
because they don't look Arab or
Middle Eastern,
don't stereotype just because you think
that's only the way
they're going to be used.
The Lord said they have infiltrated
even your government.
He said, "They're in your police force.
They're in your top tier
of the
Pentagon."He
even warned about our FBI, all
of it. He told us there are rats within;
he keeps talking about the rats within.
So, I want to encourage you.
We're looking for anybody who is
a bogeyman. I want to say
don't always think that it's going to
be somebody with a turban on their
head or
a
full dress or whatever that that's the
enemy, because the people
that were infiltrating into the
country
were not
Arab-looking.
They were white.
And I thought it was interesting
because this is what the Spirit of the
Lord is telling us to pray for our
nation again.
And people say, "Who are
they?"They
keep asking me—even the police
officers ask me when I
talk to the big
people—they
always go, "Brandon, you always say
they? Who's they?
Who's they to you? Why do you say they?""They"refers
to
all of it combined.
What does that mean to me? The devil
worshippers that I see,
the
occultic
practices
that are trying to bring forth the
principalities
through satanic things, through
trafficking these children, through sexual
practices—doing
things with the kids
through
sacrificial
encounters or whatever they
are—anybody
who is an
evildoer.
So, when I lump it all together and say
"they,"it's
my
verbiage,
but I'm trying to say the
evildoers,
people who are trying to kill, steal,
and destroy.
And we wrestle not against flesh and
blood, but against principalities and
powers. We don't wrestle against people.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
We're wrestling against the demonic
principalities
that
are
messing with them, that
influencing them. So, anybody who's
trying to bring harm to anybody—I don't
care if you're transgender, like what
we've seen with Charlie Kirk and all
that, to Muslim, or a devil
worshipper—anybody
who tries to hurt
anybody.
Like I said, this is a time
like never before that we need to have
our eyes open. We had
Alex Jones come on in his car; Braden
brought that up. You can't play that,
but
he came on in his car—Braden showed
me—and
he was warning about General Flynn.
Again,
warning about General Flynn. And I'm
telling you all, I have such a caution of
a major storm.
You need to really be paying attention
to your surroundings during this holiday
season, going all the way
through with the Pope
and the Vatican, Christmas mass, and
your Catholic churches. You need to be
paying attention. Catholics,
you need to be paying attention. I've seen a great
attack coming against the Catholic
people in their
churches,
in Europe especially. The Lord keeps
bringing up Europe. So, I want to show
you this. I think—and this may be AI
or
this may be a hoax, but it was sent
to me and I think it's interesting.
There was another thing I thought was
interesting: who remembers
every time I've told you there was $24
billion that was allocated
in an account
through the Ukrainians? I even
told Alex Jones when I went on
his
show.
Does anybody remember that I went on
Alex Jones's show back in January,
I believe it was, and I warned everybody
that there was $24 billion that was
being smuggled from the Ukrainian money
to certain accounts through certain
senators that had the money? And I know
who
they are.
I'm not going to ever say that
publicly, but here he is
Zelensky
saying,
"I can't see it, son; the lights are so
bright. I
don't know where the money is."He doesn't know where the money is. There
is $177
billion,
and he only knows where
$77
billion of it went. He
doesn't
know where a hundred billion
dollars went.
Do
you see that on that article?
He confesses that they've lost a hundred
billion dollars of our tax money.
I said $24 billion of it went to
a slush fund for corruption; I know for
a fact the Lord showed it to me: $24
billion.
But he knows of 77 billion;
he
doesn't
know where a hundred of it went. Well, I can tell you
where 24 billion of
it went.
How do you lose a hundred billion
dollars?
I tell you what, if it was the IRS and
you lost a couple thousand, they're
going to be on your hiney.
But I'm going to tell you, you lose a
hundred billion dollars, that's a big
deal.
That's a really big deal.
So, I think that's kind of
interesting, don't you? But I warned you
about the 24 billion.
I want you to
see cocaine coming out of his nose as he
is speaking.
He talks and cocaine starts flying out
of his nose. He's been snorting coke
before he does his video.
Can you show it, son?
Not that you want to see cocaine coming
out of a man's nose, but my goodness,
folks, I told you. What did I tell you
is
about to happen? I saw
during the
summit with Putin and Trump in
Alaska, I saw a clock on the back wall.
I saw the room there and they
came
to an agreement.
Trump said, "You don't want to do this.
You have a prosperous nation.
You guys got to stop this."He was
trying to encourage him by buttering him
up
because you automatically in a
meeting like that come into it with
expectations that "I'm not going to
listen to
you."But
you have a guard up, and
Trump is the art of the deal;
he knows how to
negotiate with people. So you have a
man that is brilliant. There's the
cocaine in his nose. You see it?
It's foul. He's doing
drugs
and leading his people.
But
the Lord showed me specifically that he
was in the meeting and I saw
them negotiating taking that bozo out,
and I saw a proxy government. I warned
you all about this—a proxy government
coming in that's pro-Ukraine and pro-Russia
in the days ahead.
First, they have to get rid of this guy.
And I saw him looking over his shoulder
trying to find Emmanuel Macron
to find some kind of camaraderie. "Please
help
me."They
don't want the war to end.
So they had suits behind them;
there was a group of businessmen with
suits, older men that were wanting to
keep pushing this war to take place. And
I saw black swan events coming. You say,
"What's a black swan event?"An event
to provoke war
that is trying to draw America in
instead of letting them escape.
And because we have treaties with these
nations,
it keeps us in the midst of the mess.
They didn't want to de-escalate; they
want war. Why? Because the Euro
is in trouble. The economy of Europe is
in trouble. And war creates money; it
creates stimulus.
And then I saw
the other part is Venezuela.
How many times have I told you
through the times I've done these videos,
I keep seeing Venezuela and Cuba.
And I said this has to do not just with
drugs;
this has to do with oil. This has to do
with them joining
the BRICS.
And when this takes place, you will see
it in the days ahead. I told you back in
2024 this was going to take place,
and right now
I said they'll escalate this thing.
Well, the Holy Spirit
told you before Trump even got into
power,
before
Trump even became president. He was just
running and I told you what the Holy
Spirit said.
I saw an escalation taking place
in Venezuela and I said he will become
the new Gaddafi or Saddam Hussein, and that
man will be taken out.
But when this happened, I saw a haze of
witchcraft across the nation
in Venezuela. And the Lord said,
"I'm bringing a Holy Ghost and fire and
a liberation over the
people with a proxy government you will
see in Venezuela in the days ahead with
a major move of My presence that will
spread throughout South
America."And
this was before all this drama even
started.
If you follow my channel,
it's pretty amazing what the Lord
tells us, and then we see
it in the news later.
I think it's pretty fun.
I give all glory to Jesus every time
because
if you know me, it
isn't
me;
it's all Him.
He's just a friend.
He's my friend. I go, 'Look
what you did, Lord. Again, thank
you.'Look,
go to that, son; I want to show
them
that. Now, this was interesting
because of what I warned you about
Candace Owens.
I don't know if this is fake,
but it's worth listening to because it
goes with what I told you was coming for
this woman. Before any of the drama took
place,
we've been praying for her,
and now it's all in the news
and
on social media. She's hiding; she
won't even do broadcasts anymore.
Listen to this right here.
This guy is supposedly—like
I said—does
anybody
know if this is fake?
Has anybody seen this?
What's happening? What's being said
by this secret operative, Black Ops for
the French government, coming out and
ratting this stuff out?
You can tell us in the comment section
if you say, 'Brandon, that is a
hoax,'but
it was sent to us, and I
thought that goes with what the Lord
said.
They will make it look like an accident,
so
we have to pray for her. He
has much more for her to do, but she
would go down the rabbit hole, and it
would cost her her life. Look at this.
Does anybody hear that?
It could be AI and it could be a
hoax, but it goes alongside
the stuff I've been praying about, and
that's why it got my attention.
I thought that's interesting.
I'm
not going to waste your time,
but I
saw that they tried to make it
look like an accident,
and it goes alongside
what the Lord has warned me to pray for
that young woman
because He said, 'I have much more for
her to do.'There's an attack coming
against her life
as she stares at the rabbit holes.
What was a conspiracy
will no longer be a conspiracy.
Think about what the Lord says.
Just because it doesn't happen in your
timing—was
she talking about Israel?
She's
talking about how what is a conspiracy
will no longer be such a
conspiracy after all.
It
is about her life and the things
that
the Lord is warning about.
All this stuff
she's talking about
will end up not being a conspiracy at
all
concerning her life.
He said, 'Pray for
her.'And
that's when I told you about the
vans and all this stuff.
I'm
telling you all,
we're in a very serious time. We have
all this stuff going on with Zelenskyy,
and the Lord called him Pinocchio; he
was a liar.
He was a puppet,
and we see all of the things coming to
pass like the Father has warned us
time and time again on this channel.
It's
not a pat on our back; it's, 'Thank
you, Jesus, for the
accuracy.'Thank
you, Father, that we're not flaky.
So, every one of you here
tonight,
do you have any questions?
I can answer a couple. I'm going
to pray. I wasn't going to pray
very
long tonight; I'm tired from last
night, as that pulls
heavy.
68% think it's real;
some of you think it's fake. I don't
know;
to me, it's interesting.
That's all. I play it for you
because it stood out for
what the Lord said,
and I went,
'Hold on a
minute.'I
don't go down the rabbit hole;
well, the things the
Lord shows me seem like a rabbit hole,
don't they? Sometimes it's like it's
a
conspiracy, but it's truth. It's
what's really happening with all this
corruption in our governments
all around the world.
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and
gentlemen. Bottom line, Jesus is coming.
Last night, the word
of the Lord told us was
sobering. It's like
when
you shake somebody
and
say, 'Listen, you've got to get
right with Him. You're running out of
time.
Jesus loves you, and He has a plan for
your
life.'That's
why
I was praying
over
the trees,
the lighting ceremonies, this Christmas
celebration, shopping, and the
malls.
Then the Lord said, 'Don't
forget about the major events in
the skies.'Don't forget about—do I feel
like 3i-Atlas? People keep
asking me, 'Brandon, is it
3i-Atlas anything?'I
told you I don't believe 3i-Atlas would
be anything. It
will be
a nothing
burger.
As I keep
praying into this, 3i-Atlas will
be a nothing.
But it's not what you see; it's what you
don't see. There's something else
coming.
People may not like that, but I tell you
what I hear.
They focus too much on stuff;
it's a distraction.
So we pray over that.
There's no
resistance with Macron
concerning the brotherhood of Islam;
they were actually working with Macron.
They're actually working with Gavin and
some of
these
Democrats
because they want
them.
Do you all remember the shipyards? I
told you about the shipyards and
the smuggling of things.
The Lord showed
me union workers being paid to smuggle
in weapons for the Red Dawn
experience—the
Pearl Harbor experience in our
nation.
It was coming through a port
that
had guns inside of it,
shipping in containers.
When the containers got here, they
put them on semis or
railroads
to get them across and smuggle
these weapons to people that have infiltrated—explosives
and
things like
that.
Remember I told you
I saw a shark swimming in the water
and the Lord said, 'Do you see the
shark? It's
established.'That
shark is
drug traffickers
and
sex traffickers that have been doing
this for decades.
He said the shark is automatically
here, but the al-Qaeda and the
Red Dawn experience is a
sucker
fish
feeding off the shark.
They were
eating off of it to make sure
they got their agenda across
because of
certain politicians
turning a blind eye to it
under
the
Biden administration.
Look at what happened when
we pulled out of Afghanistan.
How many of these people are crazy now?
The guy in Fort Worth that
got busted yesterday talking trash on
the internet and
wanting to hurt
people—a
lot of people
said, 'Brandon, that was Crowley,
Texas.'I'm
very familiar with Crowley;
Jerry Savelle had a Bible school there.
But
I don't know, y'all; there's just a
lot,
and
I try never to bring
confusion. The other part was praying
over Joel Osteen's church.
The Lord said, 'Check your volunteers.
Who has infiltrated
your volunteers? You need to do a
background check on some of these
ushers.'I
saw men that have infiltrated
Joel Osteen's church that are very evil
men,
and I saw them ushering.
I thought that was interesting,
and that's what we were praying over
yesterday. I saw
that—pray
over Joel Osteen's church—for there
were
volunteers, a group of volunteers
that were not good people, that were
bad. You say, 'Why? How do you judge
them?'No,
I'm talking about these: these
are terrorists.
That was part of it.
Then I saw shredding
documents. I saw shredding,
and the Lord said it's similar to
what Hillary did with the dossiers, with
the
bleaching.
They were destroying evidence of how
they have infiltrated our government;
they were shredding the evidence and
destroying the computers to
avoid
being caught with
this
underground chatter. People
ask,
'What's the underground
chatter?'It
is SIM cards.
I see them communicating on that
system just like we saw in New York,
which
was taken down on September 23rd
or maybe the 19th.
The Lord said there's one in
Chicago,
there's one in Boston, and there's one
in Seattle,
and they're communicating;
they've set up networks across the
nation. You all think it's about just
hitting one city; the Lord said they're
going to hit all of these cities, and it
will not all be on the same day,
but it will be strategic to bring fear
all the time, to bring an
unstable America. 'To the
eagle'is
what they kept saying. 'We must
destroy
the eagle. We must
come from within. We
can't attack them from outside. We will
come
in.'This
has been a long-plotted plan;
it wasn't something they thought of
overnight.
The Lord said this is well-funded,
big money. I saw hundreds of millions of
dollars that have established this.
These people have been here for years,
and the Lord said that
it's something within.
He keeps talking about it:
'The enemy within, the enemy within. Get
ready.'And
I heard them kicking it
off. They said, 'It's
time.'I
don't know how they were doing this, but
they were saying, 'It's time. Let's do
this.
We've waited long enough. It's time to
implement the plan.'I could hear them
in the spirit realm, and the Lord
allowed me to hear the chatter:
'It's time. We need to implement
the plan. We're running out of
time.'I
saw the pipeline that was
starting to get cut off by the NSA.
It was a flow like a huge water
hose, and as it kept going, it went from
a
fire hose
to a water hose,
and it struck down and had a clamp
around it. The Lord said, 'That's
your NSA. Tell them to pray. Keep praying to
cut the head off of this snake.'For if
you cut the head off the snake, it will
cut the supply down and there will be
confusion in the camp.
You want confusion in the camp? Cut off
the means of how they communicate. So
what does this mean? There is a flow
still going from these cities.
New York got cut down;
our FBI and our people cut down the
communication in New York. It was a
major supply line of communication that
got crimped in one area. It was
further east
because
it went like this, going
from west to east.
In the spirit, when I was praying
into it, the Lord said it's still a
major flow through here, but it got a
kink in the chain
and the hose got smaller.
Do you see
it? The Lord is showing
it—you're
looking into the vision,
and what He's showing is a metaphor.
It's not a hose,
but He's trying to show you through
pictures.
It's a supply chain; it's a
hose and it's full, but it got
kinked off here. Where did it get kinked
off? New York. They found the computers;
they found the stuff,
the SIM cards—over 100,000 SIM cards.
But the Lord said there's much
communication here still,
from Boston, Chicago, Seattle, and it
goes across the nation. All these other
places, they're communicating, and it was an
underground communication. The Lord
keeps talking about an underground
chatter.
Diana said she thought it might be
Reddit or whatever, and I thought,
'I don't think
so.'I
think it's some kind of
burner
phones—some
kind of number they know. There's
something more to this, folks,
than just some kind of
backroom
chat on
Reddit.
It's burner phones;
this is very sophisticated. And it went
clear to Honolulu, Hawaii.
We saw that again. The Lord said, 'Pray
over Honolulu,
Hawaii.'Remember?
So, okay, 30 minutes. How's that?
They've infiltrated at all levels. Yes,
they have infiltrated at all levels.
Thank you, son.
They have infiltrated at all levels. Are
you looking at the transcript?
Yeah. I love you. You're such a good
boy.
That's right. They've infiltrated at all
levels. The Lord said, 'At every level
they have infiltrated, even into your
Pentagon.'The
man that was communicating that I
saw was a white man and he was heavy.
He was not
Iranian-looking.
So, all glory to Jesus.
I'm still praying about going to the
White House if I'm still
invited.
He said 'heresy'a lot.
The Lord said
'heresy,'and
He said 'Mecca.'Yes, Mecca.
He talked about Mecca
and
he talked
about—I
don't
know—'Bala'...
play that word, show that word.
That was another word that came out in
tongues.
He called Mecca and this
'B'word,
because we
were praying
over Ramadan. Ramadan, yeah, and that's
in March.
The word...
it
all has to do with the Muslims. Yes,
what we were praying for last night.
It's an uprising. Do you remember
the man I saw in the New York subway? He had
that white hat on,
and I said he has a white outfit on.
He was so
sober in his face because he was about to
blow himself up.
I don't know what kind of security they
have. I've never been to New York.
I've never even been on a
subway. What kind of security do they
have
when I keep seeing these 3D printed
things
that are able to go through security
checkpoints?
I told you I saw how it was made,
and it wasn't through any metal. There
was no metal involved.
You see these
things, and I said if they perfect it,
they'll use it a lot. They were trying
to perfect it, and
the Lord said they've spent millions of
dollars trying to perfect this.
So,
is that good? I gave
the
highlights; it's 39 minutes.
I don't want to be redundant,
but there's so many of you that go,
'Brandon, can you give me the cliff
notes at the beginning?'I get the
emails.
This is me doing that for you. I try to
respect your time. I know there's a lot
of you. It's like, 'Hey, I don't hurry
the Holy Ghost up.'When He's done, He's
done. If the video goes four hours, it
goes four hours. So, I give you the cliff
notes at the beginning.
But I will not do that to a prophetic
word as powerful as the one from last
night. You can go back and listen to it.
I'm not going to chop it up;
it's dishonoring.
People say, 'Brandon, there's something
different
about you.'Yes. When the
angel visited, there was something that happened. For
those who say,
'I don't talk to
angels'—I
don't communicate to angels like
they're my BFFs. They're always looking
to the Father. For those of you who are
ignorant: they don't sit and chatter
with you.
They're looking at the Father.
They don't even pay attention to you.
They'll communicate what they were
sent to say,
like him and
the
things he told me were coming.
But after he's done with his message, he
looks to the Father. If they're
attracted to you, it's a demon.
The angels are not there to be your
friend.
They're not there for you to talk to and
say,
'Hey, let's hang
out.'The
Holy Spirit is,
but an angel is not your buddy.
He is always on assignment, looking to
the Father. You always need to
understand this, you foolish minds.
Do not communicate to an angel like,
'Hey, how are you doing? Let's talk
today.'You
will start getting snared by
familiar spirits. Stay away from this.
It is demonic. Do not do it. They are
there as ministering spirits sent forth
to the heirs of salvation. They're sent
to tell you what God has instructed them
to say.
They don't have an agenda
of
their own.
'You know what? I just thought I'd tell
you you look nice
today.'Are
you kidding me?
'Well, you know, I think you should buy
this kind of car.'They don't have an
opinion.
If they do, it's a devil. You need to
know this.
And people say, 'Brandon, you communicate
to angels all the time. You talk to
them.'You're
a fool. I do not communicate to
angels all the time. I talk to them when
they tell me, 'I have a message from the
Father to give you.'But the moment they
give it, their eyes are focused back on
him.
They're looking at him. They're studying
him. What is he doing? They have
their
undivided attention. Even when
they're watching over me,
their attention is always on him.
They're getting strength from him. It's
all about the glory. Do you understand?
And he will not share with even an
angel. Ask Lucifer.
He will not share his glory with
anyone—not
a principality, not a power. There
is
no angel, no Michael, no Gabriel, none
of them take any glory from the Father.
And you say, 'Brandon, you
yell.'Yes,
because I'm trying to get my point
across to you. There's so many people
that are ignorant to the spirit realm.
The devil always magnifies himself.
The devil's always about giving glory to
himself. But any kind of angel that is
of the Lord always gives glory to the
Father, and they're always looking to
him.
They know who the Creator is, and they
are fearfully, wonderfully made to look
and worship him.
Do you understand?
People need to understand: do not talk
to angels. If they have a message,
that's different.
Did I make that clear?
I was very upset about this. You need to
know this. 'Oh, wow, I want to talk to my
angel.'Oh,
do not do this!
I look to the Father.
He is the author and the finisher of my
faith. He is everything to me.
An angel is really cool to look
at for a minute, but he
is beautiful beyond description.
He is too marvelous for words, too
wonderful for comprehension,
like nothing ever seen or heard.
Who can grasp his infinite wisdom? Who
can fathom the depth of his love?
He is beautiful beyond description,
majesty enthroned above. That's why I believe that
song came out:
'I stand,
I stand in awe
of you.'Even
the angels are in awe
of him—the
ones that are on his side.
The devil has come to kill, steal, and
destroy and to confuse you,
to bring haze over your relationship, to
bring fog. Whatever they could
do—marine
spirits, and people get
all into that. I'm going to tell you
this: I do not get into talking to them
even when you're casting them out of
somebody.
I don't ask, 'How many are in there?
What's your origin? How
long have you been in here?
What's your name?'Who cares? Get
out!
I'm not here to be your friend. I
don't care about you; you're a liar. They
don't tell the truth anyway. So, 'How are
you? Well, devil, what's your name and
what's your origin? And how many of you
are in there?'Whoever you are and however many of you there
are,
get out in the name of Jesus!
I do not listen to you because there's
nothing they say that is the truth.
They're liars.
He is the father of lies. Why would you
ask a liar how many there are? 'There's
20.'I
mean,
do you think they're going
to tell you the truth? 'Well, I command
you to tell me how many in
there.''There's
15 of
me.'Seriously,
why are you communicating with
them?
You all play around with fire.
There's a lot of dumb Christians.
Jesus did it in one instance.
He didn't go around talking to the
devil. 'How many of them?'Well, he said, 'They
are
legion, for we are many.'He did
it one time.
But I don't go around making it a habit
talking to devils.
One time
with the madman of Gadara,
he went around talking
to him
and said, 'Get out. Go to the
pigs.'I'm
telling y'all,
don't be talking to devils. Don't
be talking to stuff. Talk to the Holy
Ghost. You need to take more time
praying in the spirit instead of talking
to devils. Well, I hear people say,
'Well, I
have deliverance services and I do
this all the
time.'Okay,
if you feel like that's
your calling
and you want to
help people out, great. But don't be
talking to demons and hanging out.
I
don't get my kicks and
giggles off of that stuff.
I want to see people delivered, saved,
and healed and baptized in the Holy
Ghost. That's what my mission is.
So maybe that's your thing,
but that's not us. I just get
tired of it. I was bound by eight of
them.
And whenever you have the torment that I
walked through for so many years—and was
tormented and almost went to the
nut house—my mom and dad almost put
me in an insane asylum because of how bad
I was.
But finally, God set me free.
I tried to physically hurt my mom all
the time.
It was bad. People don't understand what
it's truly like to be bound. A lot of
you don't know. When you are,
they want to
put you so sedated with medical
attention and all the things that I had
to go through. And Jesus set me free.
I know what it's like to truly be bound
for a long time.
And Jesus set me free.
I don't talk about it; I don't give them
glory.
But I'm going to tell you, I've seen the
darkest side where you're ready to kill
yourself and you don't feel like there's
any hope and you're at the bottom of the
barrel and the barrel's on top of you,
thinking, 'God, is there a
God out there that cares?'when you're
so depressed and having so
much demonic influence going on. You've got
stuff moving around in your room, radios
turning on, and demonic TV shows coming
on in the middle of the night.
I've been there.
And for whom the Son has set free is
free indeed.
But I don't play around with the devil.
He comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
And a lot of you, like I
said, you get kicks and giggles off of
it.
I don't. It makes me furious.
It was
way too real to me.
But Jesus set me free.
Jesus paid the price for me to be free.
And I'm so thankful for this communion.
I take it more now than I ever have
after Jesus set me free.
I don't keep my vessel empty.
They always try to come back with their
buddies—eight
more of them.
They come to see if it's
empty.
I keep myself full.
I'll never be tormented another day in
my life.
Out of experience,
a lot of you have no idea that
if
you open the door for the devil,
he'll take a mile.
He'll destroy you and he'll take you to
the bottom of the pit with him.
And I'm telling you, you say, 'Well, I
worship the devil.'You're an idiot.
There will be a day when the devils
you think you control will drag your
soul to hell.
Ask Anton
LaVey.
He said, 'Oh no, what have I done?
Oh no, what have I
done?'the
moment he was taking his last
breath.
Isn't that amazing?
The
very devils you thought you controlled
and you sacrificed to for your
power—'Oh
no, what have I
done?'They
were dragging him to hell.
And there's nothing you can do about it.
You can't cry out to Jesus then. What
are you doing when you're
taking your last breath and they've
grabbed a hold of you and they're
dragging you to that pit of fire
to torment forever and ever and ever?
And there's many of you that say you
practice the occult and you watch me.
You know, we find you fascinating.
You say
we practice Satanism and
we watch you.
Well, we practice soothsaying
and
we want to know how you see because we
want to see what you see.
We're into New Age and
astrology. I have all kinds of people
tell me that. They say, "You know, we watch
you,
Brandon."I
have a lot of the occult; they tell
us,
they email us.
But you don't understand there's a day
of reckoning coming for you. There
will
be a day when the very demons
you think you can control will drag your
soul to hell.
It will happen
if you don't repent and turn to the Lord.
Well,
I sold my soul to the devil. It's
a lie.
Your soul doesn't belong to the devil.
Your soul belongs to Jesus Christ.
And the moment you confess Jesus Christ
as your Lord and Savior, the moment He
forgives you of all your sins,
there's no one in a darker
place that they can't get out of.
I don't care what you've done. Well,
I've sacrificed cats. I had this one
girl. She had pentagrams and she had
carved them all in her hands.
And as we were casting the devils out of
her,
those pentagrams
flared up and were huge. And because she
had blood flowing,
her eyes went like a
cat's.
She had sacrificed things on an
altar—black
cats and killed cats and doing
everything for satanic power. She was at
the church and nobody at the church
could get her free. And
so
they had to come and get the
janitor. They
said,
"We don't know what to do with
this, but we know you deal with stuff
like this. So could you help us?"I said,
"I'm the janitor. You're a pastor. You
told me not to pray for anybody."I was not
trying to be sarcastic. It was just
the truth.
But as we went back there,
I'll never forget as she was begging
for help and those demons were
clawing her throat and they were coming
out of her.
And yet you play with something that you
think is your friend and they give
you power for a season as you watch
these videos. And I try to tell you, Jesus
is the only way. He wants to save your
soul. And the Lord told us, He said, "I
want to save all of the occultists. I want to
bring them out of
that."Brandon,
I don't want anybody to go to hell.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot
enter into the kingdom of God.
But He said, "Brandon, I want them all
to get born again.
I love them
all."They're
deceived by the devil. Satan has
blinded the eyes of the unbeliever,
Brandon.
But I wish that none should perish, but
all come to repentance.
And I think that's
very
interesting.
You're in flat rebellion towards Him, but
He says, "I love you.
I love them.
I love those that are so far off,
Brandon. They sacrificed to the devil
and they worship him, but I love
them."There's
no greater love than
this: than a man
who
lays down his life for his brother.
Jesus laid His life down for every one
of us
and He paid the price for every one of
us to be born again.
People are asking me, Braden, "Can I do
self-deliverance on
myself?"Yeah,
you can do self-deliverance on yourself,
but it's not ideal.
It's better when you have a
group
fast and pray and seek Him.
But if you live a fasted lifestyle, you
don't have to say, "Time out. We've got to
go fast because we've got to get the devil out
of
somebody,"to
deal with this unbelief. Because they'll
flip out and growl and act all kinds
of crazy stuff. What are you going to do
then? Because your flesh gets in, and
the moment you lay hands on them in
fear, they get strength from you.
Many of you don't know that
because you have more fear in the
ability of that devil freaking out right
then. And the moment you lay hands on
them, they draw that fear out of you
because
fear is faith contaminated.
They draw power from fear.
They are fear.
But most Christians just
play around with stuff.
But I just want to tell you all, Jesus
loves you.
And I bring this to you tonight. Is
everything okay? Yeah. They're
asking,
"Did she get
free?"They're
saying, "Yeah, she got
free."Who?
The girl. Oh, yeah. She got
free.
Of course she did. Yes. Sorry,
I
went
squirrel.
"Did she get free,
Brandon?"Yes.
Yes. I'm sorry.
She came to church. She came and got
plugged in at church. She got free.
Yes.
"You've
got to finish the story!
What is wrong with you?
We're on the edge of our seat here.
Did she get free?"Yes. And her daddy,
too.
Her daddy, too. They came. They drove a
black Dodge truck. I'll never forget it.
They came to the back. She had short
black hair and she started coming.
She came to church
and then they left. I don't know
where they went, but they left after
a while.
But her and her dad both got born again.
And he had a big old beard;
he was a gnarly man.
Oh, we just love on people. Don't you
know Jesus loves you?
He loves you so much. The power of
the Holy Ghost dwells on the inside of
you. And even when that angel
came and told me, he said, "There's a
new mantle coming on you today.
Things are changing for you
quickly."There
was a lot more. He said,
and then he looked to
the
Father.
But I think it's interesting,
y'all. I do. I love the spirit realm,
but Satan is a loser. That's what I
tried
to tell y'all. He lost.
The Bible says that Jesus
triumphed over him and He made a display
of him openly.
He triumphed over him. He paraded
him around
to
everyone
and they made a display of him openly,
showing
that He was the victor and he was the
loser.
Jesus is a winner.
He defeated him fair and square.
Do you understand? There was no
cheating.
God didn't cheat. God whipped him
once and for all.
He paid the price for you and me to walk
in victory.
Why do we allow the devil to torment us?
Why do we give him any place? The Bible
says, "Give no place to the
devil."But
many of you are buddies with him.
Give no place to the devil.
Don't be his buddy. Kick him out of
your house.
I try not to be
too funny about it, but it's that
serious. Don't accept a poo-poo
package.
Don't be friends with the devil.
Give no place to the devil.
Like I said, most of
you don't understand what you're doing
and
you just ignorantly do it.
But then some of you are doing it
with your eyes wide open.
That's why I take communion all the
time.
I give no place to the devil.
I make sure any door
I may open,
I keep them shut.
I have been bound,
but I am free.
And I will never go back there.
Never.
For whom the Son has set free is free
indeed.
He that is begotten of God keepeth
himself, and the wicked one toucheth him
not.
The wicked one toucheth you not.
A
curse without a cause cannot stand.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the
blood. I thank You for Your body.
I thank You, Father, for this time we
just talk about things.
You know, when I told you the devil
visited me,
he couldn't do
anything.
You know why? Because the blood of Jesus
was against him. This communion. Do you
understand the power of the name of
Jesus? At the name of Jesus, every knee
will bow and every tongue will confess
that He is Lord.
And I try to tell you all,
he offered me everything that
your flesh would ever
want—money,
fame, cars.
I said, "There's nothing you have that I
want.
Nothing.
I've been there.""Serve me and I'll give
you all this.
Do this and I'll give you all
this."There's
nothing that I want from you.
Do you understand?
And as you submit yourself therefore
unto God, resist the devil and he will
flee.
I've had some wild encounters in my
lifetime.
I don't talk about the darkness,
but I'm going to tell you all, the devil
is defeated.
But he becomes so big in your mind
because that which you focus on the
most becomes the biggest thing to you.
The devil did this; the devil does
that. I don't focus on it. The devil
doesn't
do anything. I'm not going to
allow him to do anything. You
have power over him. That's why I say
you give him so much
power in your mind
by meditating on it. I did it for
years. Is there a
spirit of forebodings? Yes.
It tries to mess with intercessors a
lot.
But
when you see the other side
and you see those glorious angels
and their swords are like a flame of fire,
there's more with us than there are
with them.
There's more of our angelic host with
us than there are with the demonic and
the witches and all their warlocks.
We have more with us than there
are with them.
Theirs
look like pigs and ours
look like warring massive beings.
I'll stick with the ripped angels versus
the one that looks like a pig.
The pig looks like we can have a barbecue
with it.
I mean, just saying. We'll put that
sucker on a stick and we'll do
rotisserie.
Because I like bacon,
you know? I'm just saying those
suckers are nasty,
they're scaly, and they stink.
They smell like sulfur,
but ours are beautiful.
And there's more with us than there
were
with him. Why would you ever serve the
devil? Well, there's more with us than
there are with them.
I just don't get it. People are kind of
dumb.
And maybe he showed up
and he offered them all that they
wanted
and they just didn't know how to control
their flesh.
And it's only for a season.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body.
Do I help you all? I mean, do
they like these conversations? Maybe
they do, maybe they don't. They say, "Shut
up, Brandon."I just talk. But
like I said, if you saw some of the
things I've seen,
you go, "What do people serve the devil
for?"It
really is just dumb.
They're really confused
in
the
camp.
And a lot of times
they look like shadows and they're
all
doing stuff, and you look at
them and go, "What's the point of
that?"Bringing
confusion on people, strife
in
marriages, trying to keep people,
kill, steal, and destroy, and yet you
serve him?
I just don't get it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, again. I take
this body
and I thank you, Father, for the authority
of the believer.
We're seated with you in the heavenlies.
And if there's anything you want to
share tonight, probably not, Lord. I
don't feel a real vein on it, but if there
is, I'll pray.
I'll do whatever we can. We prayed
earlier at the church for two hours,
but I just wanted to do a recap with them
tonight.
Here it is
almost 11
o'clock.
And Lord, I say a prayer and we'll pray
for the people, but I always want to
give them opportunity to accept your
Son.
And I know the best is yet to come for
many of them.
And we take this body in the name of
Jesus. And we thank you, Father, for all
that you've done for us.
Thank you for being a friend.
Thank you, Lord. Father, we're born
again. And to be absent from the body is
to be present with the Lord.
And we take this body in the name of
Jesus. And we're healed and whole and
well. And we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise for it.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
And we apply the blood. He said, "Satan,
you're under our feet.
Leave us alone.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this
home. We make much of the blood and the
blood makes much of us.
We cover our sin in the blood. And any
open doors, we cover it in the name of
Jesus. And no weapon formed against us
will prosper. Every tongue that rises
against us, we condemn it. No weapon
formed against us. I apply the blood
just like the children of Israel did
upon their doorpost and the death angel
passed by. We apply the blood of the
Lamb over us. And where the blood is
applied, Satan will not cross.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us.
We make much of the blood. We make much
of your blood, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for
the blood. For it never loses its power.
The blood of Jesus never loses its
power.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood
of Jesus Christ that covers Diana,
Braden, Megan, Paisley, all of us. We
cover even our finances.
We thank you for the abundant overflow
over every seed we've sowed. We call
forth a hundredfold in the name of
Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, for the
supernatural increase on our finances.
And we say that we will enter into
overflow debt-free in the name of Jesus.
Supernatural increases on our household
and everything we put our hands to will
prosper in the name of Jesus.
And we believe that, Father, that you've
called us and you've chosen.
And we'll stand on the
wall telling the people that Jesus
Christ loves them and he paid the price
for it all.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood. Thank you,
Lord, for the blood. We give you praise
for the blood. Thank you, Lord, for all
that you've done for us in the name of
Jesus. And we say, Satan, you'll not
cause any confusion
over our minds, over our will, or our
emotions.
Beloved, I wish above all things that
you prosper and be in health even as
your soul prospers. And we're prosperous
in our mind, our will, and our
emotions
in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. Father, I thank you that you
speak through my vocal cords and think
through my mind. None of me and all of
you in Jesus'name. We plead the blood.
We thank you, Lord.
See, I don't give them... because you can feel
that.
I can feel it when you start talking
about it. You can feel it. They
like the pride of it.
I hate it.
Do you understand? Do you all get
that? There's a lot of you
that talk about the devil all the time.
Do you know everything you talk
about, you give him power in your life?
You start magnifying him.
Do not give a place to the devil.
Don't talk about him. He doesn't deserve
your lips.
The rocks will cry out to our Father if
we don't praise him.
He deserves all lip service when you
talk. Give God that time.
I don't give him any place.
If I talk about it, it's very short.
But I do that for you because so
many of you are so fascinated with
the demonic. 'Brandon, do you see the
demons?'Yes,
all the time. But I don't
talk about them. The
Lord
said,
'Reframe
that. Change
that. Bring it
back.'We
say every once in a while,
not all the time. I don't want to see
the
devil all the time. Every once in a
while, they'll
refrain that—too
much exaggeration on that word, boy.
That's
Lord.
See, your words are
powerful. That's why he said take it
back. Pull that out of the atmosphere.
That's what he just said.
You don't see him all the time.
That's exaggeration and you don't want
that. Pull it out of the atmosphere.
It's only when he allows me to for
help.
Do you understand?
It's there for you to help the
individual that you're seeing it on.
It's not there for kicks and giggles.
I don't just go around seeing devils on
people. No, it's there for
acts,
gifts of service.
You're not there for kicks and giggles.
'Well, I need walking around seeing
devils.'No,
that's why the Lord
just said when I said that, he said,
'Immediately correct
that.'My
words are powerful. Even
more when I walk in the prophetic. I
have a man on me. Do not just say
things flippantly. He corrects me.
I denounce that and I call a word curse to
it. It falls to the ground. It's done.
See, it's over. Don't worry about it.
There's no fluid in it.
You plead the blood over it and walk on. That's
how
you call a word curse over that.
It's on the ground.
Don't believe it. Don't go and say it. I've
had
the blessing flowing out of me.
The blessing.
The Bible says
that life and death is in the power of
your tongue.
What do you say over your life?
What do you believe with your mouth?
Whatever you say out of your mouth is
what you believe, what you receive. I
believe the Bible says Abraham
staggered not at the promise of God
through unbelief
but was strong in faith, giving glory to
God, being fully persuaded that what he
has promised he was able also to
perform.
I believe that I am fully
persuaded that the blessing is on my
life
and what God has blessed no man can
curse.
Tuesday. Tuesday.
What about Tuesday?
Telling
us,
don't go.
The
Lord
unto
thee
says,
peace.
Cease and desist daily.
It's Wednesday that is highlighted.
It's
that tree,
Braden.
It's a Rockefeller.
We're going to pray over the
tree. He says it's
just barely there.
There's
25%. You've done so well.
You're deflating the plans of the enemy.
They'll have great security there.
Go,
don't go,
praying over the month of December.
It's highlighted. I see all
the days highlighted. Trump will make
major decisions in December
concerning the finances,
taking it into 2026,
but it will be retroactive. I'm
going
to
say
he wants to start out 2026 with a
bang
like—great,
up,
ride the wave.
Ready, set,
go.
This is a fun one. I like these when
I
start seeing
AC.
I can see the finances. It's not
about terrorists tonight.
I like these.
Hey,
baby.
It's time for things that have been held
back and delayed for manifestations in a
day.
This
is—I've
even seen it—and I see dinar.
It's time for
manifestation.
You know what, I wonder what Bo and
them
were talking about. I need to go watch
that
on Kim's channel.
Seagulls. What
about
the seagulls?
Things are about to get really hot.
I see an oven,
a furnace. The furnace is about to get
really hot.
I see a car—the car
market—interest
rates
for the housing
and for the cars.
Watch this
for
December
going clear into the month of May.
What I did say?
It's
like a rocket ship.
Watch what Trump does.
But
there's nothing they can do to stop it.
So just enjoy it as they pop it. I hear it.
There's nothing they can do to stop it,
so enjoy the wave
as they pop it.
The bubble
is in trouble.
Too much
top-heavy.
Too much money,
too much debt,
all in the face for too short a time.
You understand? He has three years
left.
Too short a time
for the society. He's talking
about riding
the wave,
and there'll be much migration.
There'll
be much more people moving and
leaving New York,
Chicago,
Pennsylvania, and Philadelphia.
And much
migration. They'll even be
starting to flee
parts of Florida—too
crowded,
too
cold.
They're going to come to Oklahoma
and
Texas.
These are spirit-filled
people.
They're coming for revival
and
refreshing.
Positioning themselves.
Taxes.
Tomorrow,
the
shake
and
the
man.
They're always looking for opportunity
tomorrow,
the better days to come.
I told you
that it's just like a quarter.
You can focus on one side or you can
focus on the other, but dark
times are coming, but the light and the
Holy Ghost is coming on a greater
level—this
level on the people, finances,
blessing, and increase.
In the storm,
they'll coexist.
What do you want to focus on?
It's your choice.
I
focus on
the blessing.
Great storms are to come. I'm telling you, 2026, 2027,
and
2028, they'll try to be great storms,
great
unsettling,
but labor pains.
But the glorious
church—you
know, whenever they were in
Egypt, the
death
angel passed by because they
had the blood on the doorpost. But
just like it was in the Ten
Commandments
movie, you could hear them
screaming outside;
the
travail is going on outside. But
as for me and my house, we're in peace because we have
Him on it.
He's marked our doorsteps,
our household, you
and me.
We walk in victory. No matter how much
we see going on around us, the turmoil
and the craziness,
we're living in peace.
He is our Prince of Peace.
We will see
days of heaven on earth, and we're going
to see days that look like we're already
in the tribulation.
You're going to think we're already in
the tribulation, yet we're living in
heaven on earth.
Is that wonderful?
You say, 'Well, Brandon, no, that's not
wonderful.'It
is, too. Who's on the
Lord's side?
You're going to see
all around you the acceleration of the
signs of the times, but we're on the
Lord's side. It's your choice. I abide
in Him and He abides with me.
Apart from Him, I can do
nothing. He is in me, on me,
around me, flowing through me.
I refuse to look at what's around me.
I'm not moved by what I see
or
feel. I'm only moved by
what the word says. And he says, 'If God
is for me, who can be against
me?'By
His stripes, I'm
healed. They say a plague's coming. A
thousand shall fall at my side and
10,000 at my right hand, but it will not
come nigh me.
I've never seen the righteous forsaken,
nor his seed begging bread. I
believe. I stand on the word of God. I
believe what the Bible says I can do
and
I can have.
I'm not going to be moved by what I see.
You're going to see great storms,
but who speaks to the storms? He does,
and He lives on the inside of me.
I walk through the valley of the shadow
of death, but I fear no evil, for You are
with me.
He never said we would not walk through
the valley;
He said He would be with us when we walk
through it.
His rod and staff comfort me.
He prepares a table before me in the
presence of all my enemies.
He never said the enemies wouldn't be
there
or
that they wouldn't be out
watching you eat,
but He said He prepares a table before
me.
My Father loves me in the midst of the
storm.
I'm not focused on the storm; I'm
focused on the one that's in the boat
with me.
The disciples are like, 'Are you going to let
us perish?'I'm focused on the one that's
in the boat with me.
He causes peace to the storm.
He's the master of the sea.
Winds and waves obey His will
when He says to them, 'Be
still.'What
man is this? They all did say
that the winds and seas obey.
He's the one who sails with me. He's the
master of the sea.
Remember that.
He's the one who sails with
you.
It's important that you know He sails
with you.
You're not in this alone.
There's great storms coming,
but He's given you the equipment to get
the job done.
I've not left you defenseless.
Follow the Holy Spirit
and
that
peace down deep within,
the
peace
that passes understanding.
You'll not be swayed
by the things you see.
It's a choice that you will have to make
daily
to stay in sync with me.
You must stay in sync with the Father.
That was actually beautiful.
It will be different in places of
the
world—Europe
will be much more different than
America, of
course—but
even in Canada, so close but so
different,
for the acceleration of the end times.
I've warned you concerning the mark
and persecution coming to my
church. But
the olive press will press fresh
new oil.
Look up. Even with
America,
I see it.
Even with Trump at
the helm,
a great shaking in your
nation—civil
unrest.
2026 will have to be an even
more prayerful year.
I've
raised up this channel
and
these voices to
pray, for the hour is late.
Will you not pray for just an hour?
At
the Mount of Olives,
thank you,
Yeshua.
Jesus,
would you tarry for just
an hour?
They're falling asleep; it's a
type and shadow.
The time has come.
It's so serious, y'all. The things I'm
seeing
are
so serious. I see
this
storm again.
I see the political theater.
We must stand
and take our authority on a day-to-day
basis.
Trump is the log in the road.
He
is
causing
a
delay, and when he is removed,
it's the Antichrist system.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen,
we are at the last of the last second
here.
God's given you a reprieve.
God gave you a moment of reprieve, and
that's why He keeps saying, 'What will
you do with the time that I've given
you?'We
have three
years and one month left.
What will you do with the time that I
have given you?
It's the buffer for the whole
world. That's why He said, 'Pray for
him.'There's
great pressure on this man. Take
it deeper.
Don't forget
Soleimani.
Soleimani
retaliation
they will want to see
for what you did to them.
From
Soleimani,
they're still planning and plotting,
and this has to do with Don,
and they want revenge
for
Soleimani.
The Lord said,
'Don't forget,
it's for
a
reward—retaliation
that they've not forgotten about for
their
generals.'They
are
harboring
it
inside; it's cultivating like a
fire.
I saw an oven at the beginning of this
that was fully on fire.
We plead the blood over Don Jr.,
over Eric,
over Kai,
Ivanka,
President Trump, Tiffany,
and
over his wife Melania.
No weapon formed against the family will
prosper.
They will not have
the Kennedy curse.
We pray a
hedge around our president.
We thank you, Lord, that You're giving
him wisdom like Solomon
that he'll lead this nation with that
great wave that I just saw.
Braden,
don't forget that you said
something about a popping.
They know it's going to pop;
they're trying to stop a
depression.
The euro is in trouble,
and it
has to do with Japanese currency, too.
There's
legislation yet to
come
concerning crypto.
You're about to see
a
plumb
line
being laid. What's a
plumb
line?
That's what the Lord
said today: 'A plumb line is
being
laid.'And
in a day, you'll hear them say
it's about the dollar and
the
debt.
A new digital dollar
backed
by the
institution—different
ways to borrow.
Concerning
crypto-backed
lending platforms
with a new kind of interest rate.
International
Central Bank digital
currency.
CBDC.
Watch Eric.
His face is more prominent. Watch Eric. Central
Bank.
Market
crypto.
He's
going
to
create this
crypto.
You see Coinbase?
No,
a new one. But
Gemini,
a new one.
A new Coinbase. Watch Eric.
Trump's
plan
is
bigger than you understand.
Everybody goes to these platforms.
You've
got to have a big
Michael Saylor.
Watch Eric.
Binance.
It is their own platform.
Who did he pardon?
Watch Apple.
Much
as a major source, watch Apple.
He's talking about Apple Pay.
A new institution.
New institutions
and
borrowing platforms,
crypto-backed
borrowing platforms.
Certain
banks will
be
banked, but they're
backed by
cryptos.
A foundation,
a plumb line.
You have funders
like Elon and others
helping
build
support structures.
It's backed by
funders.
Michael Saylor,
are you listening?
I see it.
Watch
the
chatter—the
Winklevoss twins.
They're going to
revamp everything
they've ever done.
It's a whole new structure.
Watch Eric. Watch what
they're about to do. They're embracing
this new plumb line,
the new digital age.
New legislation to
bring
it out of the Wild West.
Watch these banks
when they bring
legislation.
What we've seen so far is nothing
compared to where the beast system comes
from.
People are thinking this is a
'microwave'Jesus
coming. And
as much as my heart wants
Him to come in 2028,
I feel like we have
more time. I
don't know how anything could
happen that quick.
Nothing. The dot-com error took 10 years
plus.
Everything I'm saying there, there's no
way that's going to happen in three years.
I'm just telling you out of what
I'm seeing; I'm just talking.
It's me coming in the spirit. I'm
looking,
so don't go throwing
eggs at me. I'm telling you what I see.
There's just a lot here,
and I just go, 'How in the
world?'I
mean, you'd have to be doing something
every day to lay this kind of
banking structure with all that I'm
seeing with these pillars of these banks
and lending.
It was international
wire transfers, but it's a lending
platform,
lending against certain cryptos
for houses and cars. For a start, it
won't
be
for credit cards;
I saw cars and
I saw a Range Rover,
white with black.
Now, why
Range Rovers? They're based out of England,
right?
So why I saw a Range Rover,
which is symbolic, I'm sure.
I saw a Range Rover; I saw the
Bitcoin
with the lines
and it was king. I saw the
Bitcoin
with a king on it.
Banks'institutionalized
adoption is the word I heard. And I
saw
Bank of
America, Citibank,
and Wells
Fargo.
Three
banks'institutionalized
borrowing platforms
there;
they adopted certain things and
used
it as a lending platform.
Then I saw a new structure giving
Coinbase a run for its money
because
the fees are too
big,
creating a new
platform.
Gemini, Binance,
Coinbase, and another
one—they're
all crypto platforms.
They're all how you purchase it.
Too many fees
when you try to do it. It's trying to become
like a Walmart;
you want to give Target a run for its
money.
You want to give maybe Costco
or Sam's. You've got to have alternatives,
more platforms.
He said, 'Watch who got
pardoned.'I'm
bringing all this back up. You
all can do with it what you want to pray.
Watch who got pardoned.
Is
he
a crypto dude?
That's not him. It's somebody
to do with money
concerning crypto
because
he's talking about crypto.
Somebody's going to get
pardoned. So it's either coming or it's
happened. Somebody's going to get
pardoned, and it has something to do with
crypto.
He said, 'Watch
them.'You
wouldn't think it would be the guy
that was ripping everybody off in
the
Bahamas.
No way. He was a jerk; he stole all
those people's money.
No, that's not who the Lord's talking
about—FTX.
That's not who he's talking about.
Something more.
There's somebody that something's
happening more. But watch, Eric.
Don't try to solve this on
here live;
you present it.
That's him; that's what I saw in the
vision.
Yeah, they're all saying in the chat,
'That's him right there. That's the man.
Watch that man.'The Lord said,
'Did Trump pardon him?'Trump
pardons
convicted Binance
founder CZ Zhao.
Oh my god,
that's so funny.
Watch that man. And Eric,
that's interesting.
I
just
think,
be quiet. I
probably said way too much.
Why would he pardon
that man?
What's he doing right now? Follow. What's
he doing right now? I'm going to study
that guy now.
CZ happened three weeks ago.
What happened three weeks ago? He got
pardoned. Interesting.
What's he doing right now, though?
Our Father's really awesome,
and
He'll show you things to come.
There's something so much bigger
that He wants to show us all
because He doesn't like us going from
paycheck to paycheck. If we will listen
and be smart to His cues,
what is so volatile
will start having backbone.
It's all part of the beast system
for digital
platforms—a
central bank digital currency,
CBDC.
I was hearing that.
Watch the dollar.
Remember when he signs it with
a
quill pen?
Something's about to be signed with a
quill pen
and a new industrial revolution.
Something's about to be signed with a
quill pen. I don't know when,
just be watching this. Pray about this
with me. Help me.
All I do is bring these things to you
and I'm pulling
it out of the spirit. And this is what I
do: I cultivate it. I pull
and I listen to what He's saying, and I
use that prophetic
ear.
The Lord will
show me things, but it takes hours
and I sit here in front of y'all and
you're helping me.
It's interesting.
It wasn't about Tier
tonight; it's about something else.
I
was wanting to talk about
2026, praying over this storm,
praying over these things. But He wants
to show you another side of prayer.
Pray over this.
God bless you all. Thank you for joining
me tonight. I'm tired.
It's going on 12 o'clock again. Isn't
that
amazing? We were praying late,
but I pull and I pull.
Why would he pardon him?
What is it about him? What is
the Lord trying to say
about
that man?
I want you to really study that. Don't
we
follow that guy?
What is the Lord saying about
this man
and a plumb line? Yeah, this is it:
a vertical measuring tool
to
establish
a perfect vertical line
to ensure that the wall or
upper
structures are straight up and down,
perpendicular
to
the
ground.
So going vertical,
setting up a plumb line.
It's interesting
to bring in new legislation to set up a
plumb line,
and then they show these
people and say new platforms will
come—banking.
Then He showed me
towers
and they were banks, big banks, and they
were in New York. He said
one bank was not as big as the other
bank. The other banks, Chase Bank and Bank
of America, were a lot bigger than
this
other bank, and it went in tiers.
He said when this plumb
line is set, watch what
these big banks do.
They'll have a lending platform;
it will become no more Wild West.
You're talking about a new digital frontier,
a new industrial revolution, and it
will
become
worldwide.
And if you're watching,
you'll ride the wave before
they
pop
the balloon. They're going to pop the
balloon because they know they can't sustain
it.
I saw
the
car market and housing market.
He said, 'Watch this, watch
the
finances.'Ride
the wave.
I saw May;
May was highlighted concerning interest
rates. There's
nothing they can do to stop it.
Just enjoy it while they pop it.
It was a massive debt balloon.
The bubble is in trouble.
The Lord said the bubble is in trouble.
Too much
top-heavy.
They're not going to save it;
they're going to pop it.
The interest rates are going to drop
over time.
Watch this time frame; watch
May.
May was highlighted.
And that's all because of this year...
2026.
It's the midterms.
They're
going to pump this economy.
Migration, migration,
migration. I saw people leaving
the East and Northeast, and
they were moving down to
Oklahoma. Why? I have no idea.
Then he said, "Even for the revival, yes, the mass migration."He said, "Even at
the
helm"—what
was
that? When he said even at Trump's, even
at the helm of Trump or whatever,
persecution. No, he
said persecution, but he said a storm
even as Trump is at the helm.
Yes, he was talking about terrorist
activity.
I saw great shaking in the nation. Even
Trump was behind a boat in the vision.
When
I saw
that,
he looked like
a captain of a ship, and there was
a storm and the waves were raging. He
said, "Even with Trump behind the helm, a
major storm,
and you'll be so thankful he's there
because he looked
like George Washington up there with
that old
hat—those
little hats that look like a sailor
hat."You
know what I'm talking about, like the
Pirates of the Caribbean.
Yes. Trump was wearing that and he
was behind it, and he had
an
American
outfit on for war.
He was like George Washington behind
a boat that looked like the Mayflower.
He was
fixed on the horizon
and he was sailing it, but there was a
storm and this
boat was moving. I could see him
behind it, but his face was fixed upon
the task at hand. He was not looking
at the storm.
Even with him behind the helm,
I saw him fixed on the horizon. The
storm and the lightning were going
all
around him, but he was fixed on it.
Trump was behind it. He had that
little white hat with a feather in it.
He had a feather in his hat
and
it looked like an old
British-looking
hat,
but he was fixed on the
horizon.
What is his task?
I see the vision, but I can only tell you
what I'm hearing.
Everything I'm hearing, I'm having a
vision of.
Braden is
so funny because he knows. It's
cool;
I like how you show how
he
describes
it.
Braden knows
I'm seeing as I'm hearing, but I don't
always tell you what I'm seeing, but
he knows how to pull. He
says,
"Daddy, tell me what you
saw,"because
Braden
likes to keep record of it. I just don't
go into everything I'm seeing as I'm
hearing it because it's
time-consuming.
There you go. That's what he was wearing
right there.
Trump was wearing that and he was behind
a boat that looked like the Mayflower,
like some kind of old
wooden boat.
I saw Japan,
and Japan's economy's in trouble. I
could see their
currency—the
Yen.
Their economy is in trouble. Their
money is in trouble.
Then
I saw the Euro, and the Euro was in big
trouble. I saw a major storm.
I'll
tell you what I saw: the
Euro
was written across a
raft
falling over a waterfall.
Across all of Europe, I saw a
massive waterfall that looked like
Niagara Falls.
The Euro
was floating on a raft and it was going
over the water's edge.
The Lord said, "Euro in
trouble."It
was falling off the water's
edge and the Euro was going down. I
saw
money symbols
going over the water's
edge. There
were
trees on the right and left,
and it was a rocky edge, but
they were all cedar trees.
Is that symbolic? I don't know.
I just see this
stuff and I don't know what I'm seeing,
but I see cedar trees. There were big,
huge cedar trees and pine trees
established on the water's
edge.
The waterfall was huge,
bubbling over and steaming,
and
he said, "Euro in trouble."That's
why
I said it. I
could see the Euro coming over the
water's edge.
That's
so funny. Braden, we
got
the hat though. You've got to
fix that. There's no skull
and crossbones.
But that was it.
That was a tricorn.
That's what he
was doing. You are a funny son.
You take the vision and make it alive.
Dude,
you're such a funny kid.
Do
you
show
him? Yeah.
Storms, too.
That's the American economy.
But the bubble—and this is what I
thought was
interesting—the
bubble was a thick
membrane.
It was a huge bubble full of
acid.
It looked like a dark storm
and it was stretched like a
bubble
with
a thick membrane
that had fluid on the inside.
As they went up to it, you could see
that it was not totally full, but it was
stretched out so far like a
water balloon at its capacity.
They just walked up to it and
stuck it with a
red
thumbtack.
Trump did; he just
popped it and the whole thing
washed.
They said there was nothing they could
do; they
were just going to pop it.
They brought out CBDCs.
As they popped the balloon, the
word "CBDC"shot
out in
that acid.
As he popped it, the banks shot up
and had borrowing platforms
already being established.
They were led by a plumb line
that popped it. As
that popped, it flowed down and
that wave came out.
The Lord said, "Ride the
wave."I
saw that wave again with the
crypto, the gold, and
the housing market.
The gold was on the
ground. He said, "Line
your pockets for that which is to come,
for it won't last for very long.
Fill your pockets
for
the wealth transfer.
It won't be what you thought.
Ride the
wave."Now
I see Trump. He pops it
and it brings in CBDCs.
I have
no idea what that means, but that's what the Lord said.
Then it
all went out
and I saw a new lending
platform.
Oh my God, he's worth 78.8
billion USD.
Really, son?
He's almost worth a hundred billion
dollars.
Is that serious?
Maybe we have to study that guy. I'm
telling you, I saw him. He was with the
Trumps,
a new platform.
It was big money,
but
it
was
providing
an
alternative to Coinbase and Gemini with cheaper
fees.
Do you hear what I'm saying? He said
the Winklevoss twins.
They're the ones who
created
Facebook.
I may butcher their name, but I know
what the Lord is saying to me. I see two
people right there.
Well, I hope y'all enjoyed it. I
know it's probably boring for some of
you, so
I'll leave you with that. You can pray
over it.
A new digital thing.
May is an important
month.
There's a lot to
this—interesting
things ahead.
We have a lot to pray over still.
Isn't it fun praying?
You can come back and pray anytime.
We'll keep
praying into this and see what
Jehovah will
show us. He has plans for every single
one of
us.
He loves you. He has a plan for your
life to prosper you and give you health.
He wants you to be a successful person.
He loves you,
beloved. And I wish above all things. I love
it. I forget I'm on the live stream,
son. I start talking and I go,
"Wow, I don't know how many people are
here."But
they're all still here. They're all
still here. Well, I wouldn't have left
either because it's pretty interesting
here.
I personally get into this part of it.
I don't like seeing the storms and all
the people dying. This is the part I
love—when
he shows me this stuff.
He's giving me a break tonight.
So I just go, "Okay."So
he gives
me a little bit more of
something that I get. I like to
study.
I think it's fun because he knows I get into
it.
He knows my heart.
So you take it for what you want.
Pray over it.
Take everything I bring to you to God
in prayer even more after I bring it to
you.
We've got to watch what Bo Polny said
on that. I'm curious now because he brought
it up at the
Den,
and it's on his—that was on
Kim's...
it was on
Brandon,
names
Kim's daughter.
I have it on here. Yes, I know her name.
I say it a thousand times. I'm tired.
So you'll have to read it to me.
Donne—I
had
to
think about it for a thousand times.
Donne
talked to her on the phone.
Yeah.
So, all glory to Jesus. Thank you for
joining us tonight. Could you do me a
favor?
Please click the like button, y'all. I
hate doing that. I feel like
a little nag, you know.
Please subscribe. Please like my
video. But it's the only way that helps us
in the algorithm. And when you do that,
it really blesses us. Like, subscribe,
click the notification bell, comment
something nice down below. That helps
boost me up. Our X account is
really taking off. I'm really excited
about it. I said, "Look at that."Maybe
it will
become a huge platform because I
want to have an alternative
besides YouTube
in case something happened to YouTube. I
have another one. So if
you're not on X, go on X and subscribe
over there because I'm trying to post a
lot more videos over there
so that I have two major platforms in
case something was to happen to this one
so that you know where I'm at
because
I like X more than any of the
others. I cannot stand Facebook, and I do
not like Instagram, and I do not like
TikTok,
but I put my stuff over there. Do
not follow any other channels that have
my stuff on it because they're copies. And
you know what's really ticking me off?
If you're watching me and you're
one of the ones that are doing this, do
not make my voice say AI and me not say
something. That is wrong. You're saying
I'm saying stuff and talking about three
days of darkness and all these other
things. I have not heard anything about
three-day
darkness. It's used as a
Catholic prophecy from what I understand.
And the Lord has not showed me anything
about three days of darkness. And
there's people there using AI,
making my mouth say things that I never
said, prophesying. And I'm telling you that
is wrong.
I'm like, how do you even do
that?
But do not follow these people.
There's a hundred different channels on
TikTok that are not me. I am the only
one with over 300,000
followers
and you find my link, my thing in
there, follow that. Or if you like
TikTok, which I can't stand, but if
you like it, go over there and all
links are in the description.
Thank you. All links are in the
description for all my other channels:
Facebook, Instagram,
X. I'm excited about X. Braden says,
"Dad, we're getting a lot of
traction."We
had over 100,000
people hit that video today. Yes,
so we're excited about it. I said,
"Woohoo!"He's
working hard.
Yep, 90,000 people hit that today,
that one video. Yeah. So it's
spreading now. If they could just
subscribe on that.
A lot of haters over there, but that's
okay.
We get trashed over there. People
don't like us. But that's okay.
Jesus is Lord and he loves us.
But
it's reaching the world. It's getting
the world. There's a lot of the world
over there. A lot of poison,
but they need Jesus.
But we'll keep doing both.
And we'll see what happens. But I'm just
going to believe 2026. I'm going for a
million subscribers. All to the glory of
God on YouTube.
We're almost there. We're getting close.
We have 400,000 left.
But we thank you for joining us tonight.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you and
we'll see you soon.